Feature/docs (#183)
maykinmedia/archiefvernietigingscomponent: doc/manual/roles.rst

.. _roles:

=====
Roles
=====

Typically the Archiefvernietigingscomponent has 3 roles but you can rename 
these roles in the application or create roles with different permissions.

Record manager
--------------

> * The recordmanager initiates the proces to destroy cases and generates the list of destruction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The record manager initiates the process to destroy cases and generates the list of destruction.
```
